Update dashboard-statement-details.md (#12575)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-user.md

    - SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN

> - To use the [Quick Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:

Reviewer: 文档里现在用的是 fast，统一成 fast 还是 quick 吧

```suggestion
- To use the [Fast Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md#fast-plan-binding) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:
```

> - To use the [Fast Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md#fast-plan-binding) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use the [Fast Bind Executions Plan](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-details.md#fast-plan-binding) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:
```

> - To use the [Fast Bind Executions Plan](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-details.md#fast-plan-binding) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To use the [Fast Bind Executions Plan](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-details.md#fast-plan-binding) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privileges:
```

    -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
    GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    

>     -- To use the [Quick Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
```

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.
```

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
```

    -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
    GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    

>     -- To use the [Quick Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer: ditto

>     -- To use the [Quick Bind Executions Plan](dashboard-statement-details.md) feature on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
```

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.
```

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
```
